hey guys this is Dave TD and WWDC just
went by which is Apple's yearly
conference for developers and they've
released iOS 9 and they also talked
about a couple of interesting things in
their ecosystem so I want to do a quick
video just kind of discussing things
that I thought were particularly
interesting to me as well as some things
that I thought were interesting about
iOS 9 all right the first thing that
comes to mind is this Rip Curl wallpaper
it's kind of cool it's the only one they
have so far but I thought it was cool
for like 20 seconds and then I got sick
of it so I have problems I know there's
no new ringtones yet but these usually
come on in later seeds now if you notice
there is a new font in iOS 9
it's the font that they used on the
Apple watch it's called San Francisco
and I think I actually like the older
fonts more but I'm pretty easy to please
either way I like lists actually a love
list i friggin make lists all day long I
make them for work make them for my
personal life I make them for planning
YouTube videos I mean I could probably
make lists for my lists so that I could
organize my lists better now before iOS
9 I use the reminder app to make lists
just because it had the check mark
option kind of tick off what it is that
you've done but the new Notes app is
awesome for making lists you can type up
a few things that make a list and then
turn them into check markable items you
can also do drawn notes but I find that
there's a bit of lag when switching to
drawing mode and back but in general
it's pretty good there's also a trackpad
cursor so if you two finger tap anywhere
on the pop-up keyboard you can kind of
control the cursor like a trackpad it
looks kind of gimmicky during the
demonstration but it straight up one of
the best features of iOS 9 it's super
simple
and it's super useful and you can really
use it for just basically anything to do
with text highlighting and stuff like
that
the search functionality is quite a bit
better they try to do the whole
proactive search thing but it's not as
good right now in its current iteration
as Google now it's much improved over
the search functionality of iOS 8 but I
still think that Google now is more
accurate with its predictive material
granted this is the first seat of the
beta and I can only expect massive
improvements over time but I think it's
a really good that Apple is finally
addressing how bad Siri was compared to
Google now they demonstrated the
picture-in-picture video app during the
conference and it worked really well in
the conference and it works very well in
real life as well super fluid and just
based on my initial impressions this
makes the iPad a much more useful
everyday device the multitasking
demonstration was pretty well done and
it suddenly makes the iPad just way more
useful and I think in general this bodes
well for iPads and makes me even more
excited for the rumored iPad pro
currently you can only use multi-window
with the set list of apps built by Apple
but I think this will change in time as
developers make their apps more multi
window friendly I'm not going to go into
details of how it's done but it's pretty
intuitive it's just some sliding
gestures to set windows to where you
want them to be and if you have an iPad
air 2 you can use both windows at the
same time the new transit feature for
maps is pretty nice Google Maps has had
this feature for an incredibly long time
but hey it's better late than never
right it also has this flyover feature
which is kind of cool you type in a city
and hit flyover and you'll basically do
a flyover of a 3d generated map of the
city I've worked on several iOS games
and my very first game was very very art
intensive everything was hand-drawn and
there's just a lot of sprites in the
game and because Apple has a bunch of
devices with different resolutions you
draw your art to fit these devices so
you'll have a spreadsheet for like the
iPhone 4 iPhone 6 iPhone 5 and all the
different resolutions of iPads it's
tedious but that's just how you make
hand-drawn game so that's fine but then
these art assets get downloaded and
installed and even worse it gets loaded
into memory so let's say you're using an
iPhone 6 your device is storing and
wastefully loading into memory the art
for the iPad 2 the iPhone 4 and
basically every other device that your
app supports so this new feature in iOS
is called app theny which installs only
the assets that a particular device will
use so if you have an iPhone 6 it's only
going to install the art assets for your
specific device now for app developers
this is pretty good but for indie game
developers especially for like
hand-drawn art games it'll just keep
installs lighter and just perform way
better so I'm really excited to see
Apple doing stuff like this some other
things from WWDC that I thought were
cool watch OS 2 looks really solid I'll
be checking that out over time
I'm just really stoked that they added
self customizable watch faces right
that's something I really wanted from
day one and I'm glad they addressed it
El Capitan looks kind of cool not that
excited about it
Swift to being open source I think it's
good that they did it it doesn't hurt
them but it's not earth-shattering news
well lastly I want to briefly talk about
is Apple music I think they did a
terrible job in the presentation I think
it kind of turned off most people who
are watching it I think Drake's
appearance was really unnecessary but I
think the service is pretty cool I think
it's priced reasonably well I mean $10
is the standard kind of premium
streaming service price which is fine
the $15 pricing is really great for
families I think there's gonna be a lot
of fake families that pop up to kind of
sign it up for 3 bucks a person that's
pretty cool but the only thing I don't
really like about it is the fact that
it's another Apple service that you kind
of you kind of get sucked into the
ecosystem just like iMessage and every
other Apple service now I don't like
having everything integrated into one
company I think it kind of fosters
fanboy ISM but you know what that's what
you get in any case that's the end of
this video hope you guys liked it and if
you have questions comments type blow
thumbs up if you liked it thumbs down if
you didn't and as always it's been nice
I'll see you guys next time